## Summary

QuantEcon Notes is a public repository that hosts Jupyter notebooks related to
all areas of economics and econometrics.

**Anyone can submit a notebook on either of these topics.**

We encourage submissions containing either original material or replications
of existing studies in an open and reproducible manner.  Peer review is
conducted purely by the free market, in the form of upvotes and downvotes.

Our objective is to facilitate communication between economists and enhance
reproducibility in research.

URLs to individual notebooks will be permanent and can be used in citations.

QuantEcon Notes is a [QuantEcon](https://quantecon.org) project funded by
the [Alfred P. Sloan Foundation](https://sloan.org/).


## Project Team


####  Lead Developer

* Trevor Lyon

####  Prototype and Front-end Design

* Andrij Stachurski

####  Project Coordinators

* Chase Coleman

* Spencer Lyon

* Matthew McKay

* John Stachurski

* Natasha Watkins



## FAQs

Can you handle supporting files?

Not yet, but we're getting there.  

Is this site only for economics?

Yes, with room for some finance or operations research if it closely relates
to economics.  Please downvote or [alert us to] content that you think is off
topic.

What should I do if I find an issue with the website?

[Contact us]




## License and Disclaimer

THE SOFTWARE ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Software published on this site will be understood as having been released
under the 3 Clause BSD license. 


### Provided Jupyter Notebook and Content

Jupyter notebooks uploaded to this site will be considered to be released as
[CC BY-ND 4.0 International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/).
Users may copy and redistribute the material so long as attribution is 
provided to the original author of the notebook, and users may not remix,
transform, or build upon the material. 